sparky was a great dog a great one
friend the best dog a child
only wish
if you leave me someone you
dear , he never really leaves you
stay in your heart forever
should not be in my heart so
be here with me
The nervous system consists only of wires
and cabling the muscles even react
after death on electricity
I'm sorry buddy you fix that
was I know what his modest and
It may not be promised to anyone
promised
Victor has an animal back to life
This happens at the cost of the
responsible for the season
I only wanted my dog
we can do it better
explosive
from his grave
pattern must briefly tries us something too
you say that from the litter box
sibilant
i need your help asking my
problem he is right
I sat in this cafe house in this
old man at the table next to me involved
me in a conversation
he said they have an incredible
history we'll see where for me
i spent my childhood
one of the most beautiful places in the world
It was a time full of wonders I
never forget
when my family decided to join
ours to the other end of the world too
pull
the most exciting journey of my life